Manten en orden el colectivo y evita que los alumnos se distraigan hasta que lleguemos al destino. GM-led world-exploring game in Mozilla Hubs. An asymmetrical sci-fi journey game - a Wayward Engineer and an Emancipated Android search for their yearnings. Top-down twin-stick arcade-style shoot 'em up action! Wholesome horror conversation sim about death and robbing banks. a game about balance, concentration and strategy with abstract graphics. A 50 floor labyrinth of nonsense. A narrative SHMUP / roguelite. Destroy sin, earn your Peace. Oldschool FPS with procedural levels and a campaign mode. Spiritual successor to the 80s classic “An American Werewolf in London”. A GMless TTRPG about relationships. Play the minions, not the heroes. An improv comedy RPG about the misfortunes of a career in dungeon security. Sophisticated RPG mystery where methods of discourse hold secret power. There's a goddamn bear and it wants to eat you. 87 different icons for fantasy RPGs, which come in three different sizes: 32x32, 24x24 and 16x16! Turn-Based Dungeon Plunger! Explore the social life of a young woman whose phone you have just found. A realistic space sim for PC. A quick-play roguelike. Gilbert is a very curious cat who loves to go on adventures. A short story exploration puzzle platformer inspired by the old point and click games. ​A cool and cute game to fulfill your retro platformer needs. With a little bit of exploration too :). An illustrated light novel about dealing with anxiety, cats, and gender feels. A high contrast, hand crafted, maze game of colorful obstacles and puzzle solving. Fortune has the potential to make fools of us all. Descended from the Queen game set in a cyberpunk dystopian future. A game of teamwork and voyagers upon the sea. Hypercritical checkout simulator. Ruby the ghost hunter has a tough gig this Halloween. Explore the mansion, battle spooky bosses, and rescue lost cats! Totally accurate running, jumping, and failing simulator. Roast marshmallows and throw fresh logs onto the fire. Type words to interact. Sit back and enjoy. First Person Shooter mixed with Poetry and Psychological-Horror. A one-page, one-move #pbta #ttrpg without an MC! Angry femme mech pilots at the end of the world. Transform into mahou, stop giant lizards, and kick space witches in the head! Two player social deduction game. A horror game short about a restless night during a power outage. What happened to the missing kids? You have to find out. Daring scoundrels in a haunted city. A Game about Community, Loss, and Rebuilding. In a town where adult media is the new best thing the Whipped and Steamy Café is the best fun for all cosplayers! Throw on your invisibility cloak and put your reflexes to the test in this brutal precision platformer. Help a mushroom girl to fly! Load your guns! Rain death from above! Short interactive story about the struggles of understanding another human being. Brave hundreds of hand-crafted challenges as you help Madeline survive her journey to the top of Celeste Mountain! a collection of music from the game. Essays at the intersection of Dance, Music, and Video Games. Planet Diver is about an adventurous daredevil tackling her newest obsession: Wing suit diving. A tiny pixel art space shooter. High quality pixel art explosion effects. A collection of 80+ monsters from an RPG that doesn't exist. Come and stay awhile! Investigative thriller-oriented Visual Novel set in a futuristic dystopian universe. walk around and paint on everything in an interactive coloring book. Explore a city and learn a real language. A one-player journaling RPG about messy trans narratives and superheroes. A 2-8 player local multiplayer party game where friends share controllers to become the best chef in the kitchen. The third issue of the World's Other Only RPG Zine. A collection of 9 tunes crafted around both the SNES limitations and its classic sonority. Stylish, fast-paced pillar-grazing action! Royalty free 3D Assets Games for Commercial and Non-Commercial Use. Zap polygon baddies in a neon, geometric glitch world. A fast-paced space shooter with screen-shaking explosions and a mystery at its heart. "How did my life come to this?". They Bleed Pixels is a fiendishly difficult platforming slash'em up inspired by weird fiction and gothic horror. A squad-based survival strategy game with procedurally generated levels set in post-apocalyptic North America. Tool for music visualizations without writing code. A full-featured multiplayer tabletop RPG. Subvert the hero's journey and embrace the OmniMyth. Be A Cat. A blissful psychedelic relaxation experience. You wake up with no memory. Your day is starting off great! It's Not About Winning. It's About Making Everyone Else Lose. Someone must be to blame. Silly Exploration Platform Adventure. Chip Tunes for bugs and fungus. It's every retired-pirate-father's nightmare; a never ending onslaught of enemies, hellbent on destroying your family. The soothing audiovisual rain simulator is back! Top Down tileset inspired by old RPGs. Grab a cup of coffee and relax with a good puzzle. we breathe life into this city together. Rescue the prince in a procedurally generated castle! Queer Celestial Witches Navigate Scary Woods And Each Other. Never a bad deal. Always a RAD DEAL! Top-down shooter that puts your ambidexterity to the test. Controller required. High speed kinetic action. Danger is the best offense! A GMless TTRPG about the clash of over-sized personalities between shapeshifters who can assume human or dragon form. Date your own drawings! Forget about finding true love; In Doodle Date, you create it! a little exploration game about hiking up a mountain. A puzzle game about relaxing moments in nature as you prepare meals over a warm fire. Your last adventure together. A Bizarro Horror Visual Novel Adventure. The TTRPG where grandmas and aunties save the world! Explore divine carcasses, devour the weird, become the Other. A Troika! sphere presented in ten vignettes. As an auditor of Hell, you're sent off to investigate a wayward governor. Where will your journey bring you? A Camping Story starring: Uncle Brad, Aunt Cloanne, Mord (and Ben). kintsugi (def.)  the art of embracing damage and imperfections. Blast your way past a large variety of bosses in this intense boss-focused run-and-gun platformer! A short map-making game, made for friends in need. A cozy game about rediscovering the past. Make your own Zombie for Halloween! An atmospheric first person shooter set aboard a deserted starship in an alternate 1980s. A tabletop RPG where you make your own oldschool JRPG world. Tiny animated creature pack with 64 colors! Avery Chase EP1. Play a cursed family with skeletons in their closets and dark magic in their veins.  Blood will out! There are a lot of bisexuals. (ENnie Nominated for Best Writing in 2020!). Make a friend with your gamepad. What does a villain do on their day off? A practical guide for OSR designers, and a useless road map for pundits. Home on the Range... Nelly Cootalot is the stupidly named pirate adventurer with a heart of gold. A fast-paced local multiplayer word game that rewards players for thinking naturally about common word usage. Play. Pause. Rewind. A library of tape sounds. Air-dodge, slow-time and blast baddies in this twin-skick action-platformer! a game about seeking and finding in the woods of Salem. A cozy campfire poetry lyric-game about past hurts and marshmallows. A small puzzle-like lawn mowing adventure. The official 30th anniversary remastered edition of the classic C64 shoot 'em up. 20,000+ game assets for use in your games! Perfect for retro games, game jams, mobile games, etc. An interactive story about the nature of power. a blend of breakout, space invaders and ikaruga. A death-positive game where you play as a mortician tasked with running a funeral home. Sci-Fi themed tiles for Hex Kit! Cure disease at nano scale by shooting virus directly. Overcome enemy hackers in tactical turn-based cyber battles. Hex tiles for custom cartography! Steam Marines 2 - a steampunk tactics game. You are an intrepid explorer hunting for artifacts. Can you survive? A little game for the archaeology bitsy jam. Vampires apply for grad schools to save their unlives. A one page RPG: Gather a crew, assemble a ship, and KOBOLDLY GO! where no lizard has gone before! A New Cyberpunk Adventure. Minimalist abstract board game about making Elemental Connections. A collection of nine connected, horror-fantasy short stories. A novel about dragons, magic, and finding yourself. A New Way to Role-Play. You see a path to Kabagahara, will you take it? Explore, make hard choices, fight! A 1bit dungeon crawler. Conspiracy Horror inspired by the Cthulhu Mythos. 3-6 players. A girl comes home to find a letter. A Fate-powered  tabletop RPG based on the popular Atomic Robo graphic novels and webcomic. A 2D platformer about a liquid cat and her friends. Fight the hordes of Shadows that come out  from the Underworld through thousand of holes. A 5 page luxury TTRPG experience. A Game of Being Barely Adequate. A revolutionary crowd-based retro brawler. screenshot tool. Demonstration of the mechanics for the game of Kings and Pigs. 3D remaster of the original Supaplex with a build-in level editor. A Fantasy Mockumentary Game. it's the end of the semester at art school and you're hella late turning in your assignments! A frenzied multiplayer party game about colorful characters battling for an egg-laying goat! Experience the conclusion of a racing year on the Circuit during the last race in this GM-less RPG. Twenty-four short, evocative role playing games for two or more players. Throw Rocks Plant Trees. Ambient slow game for casual creators. Countryside exploration and creation. A game of mystery and discovery that poses the question; what is truth, and does it even matter? A ridiculous action movie RPG. A fangirl helps her much-beloved idol find her missing programmer. TTRPG deckbuilder where your actions shape who you become. Issue #4 of a monthly indie game anthology collecting games from 10 developers. A colorful game of logic. After dying unexpectedly, Akagi Ai becomes unstuck in time in a town full of secrets. A 2-player game for a single moment. An anti-coin collectable platformer inspired by Japanese folktales. A co-op storytelling party game for quick and incredible tales. /hak/ Fight cute monsters! Avoid death! Save the Game. Learn how to setup hitboxes and hurtboxes in GameMaker Studio! Anxiety is your curse. A heroic journey will be your treatment. A sad, queer, narrative-focused epistolary game. Queer romance and monster-hunting mysteries in a Boardwalk & Sorcery setting for Dark Streets & Darker Secrets! A surreal trip through the mundane. Explorative action-adventure through caves to find the source of the Miasma to save your village. An entirely different kind of basketball game. A narrative-driven journey told in four quarters. Graceful twin-stick arcade action with no bullets. Please Don't Play This Game Too. A Metamorphosis Stealth Psychological Horror Game. A puzzle game about cute girls rescuing a hundred cute rabbits! Ruin everything. Platformer Movement for Clickteam Fusion 2.5. Cooperation is a strategy, not a requirement. Make temporary allies, break promises, and watch out for backstabbers. Push your opponent out of the platform by mashing the buttons on this multiplayer ancient civilization sumo action! Walking Simulator A Month Club Vol. 3. It's time to start a new life. Quick and fun 2D puzzle high-score game. Change into a circle, triangle or square in order to solve puzzles, overcome obstacles and defeat giant bosses! Ruby Radiance is an accessible, low-commitment, and easy to learn TTRPG. A game about draggin' out doggos. Bullet-hell platformer on a rotating 360° platform. They say they're protecting us, but from what? A PSX -styled demake of Location Withheld. A Grimdark RPG. FPS starring a bear with insomnia. Simple sci-fi bounty hunter ttrpg! Or: How to run a vaporwave campaign in Troika! An RPG of hope and loss. You've got one hour to make your flight and you're about to hit every conceivable airport related obstacle imaginable! Teen Gods Sword & Sworcery RPG about rebellion, and the troubles they get into. An action-adventure game where you play as a dragon. Who looks like a circle. Small 1-player puzzle action game: Dodge, tape, and stomp boxes! A fast paced platformer without...running? Awaken in a mind you don’t know to a world you can’t remember. A collection of sound effects for the old-man character in your project. In this Zelda-like game, explore the wondrous dream world of the human Young. Freely explore a deadly wasteland as you uncover a plot to awaken an ancient evil. Award-winning adventure where you control the news and its impact on society, your friends and career. A solo journaling game about humanity, sacrifice, and artificial intelligence. A 3D puzzle game about snakes! Grab the atomic core and fight to escape…if you can. An accessible platformer with a focus on a fair challenge. Rumors resurface. Legends are resurrected. Follow a mysterious Halloween invitation. A cute and zany bee themed management sim/base builder. How do you see the world when nothing is real? Full length RPG with unique "Dual Soul" class / battle system, original mythology and story, and lovable characters. A survival horror where your pursuers are pretty and plastic. A roguelike game in a procedural world with generative music. Turn-based deckbuilding roguelike featuring neither deck nor cards. a system-neutral wilderness setting for any exploration-based tabletop RPG. 32 RPGs in a single collection! A Story Game of Magic Lanterns, Political Revolution, and Pentagrams. "I need a Heart to open it". Project template to make farming RPG games. Grow Together. A dark Western poetry RPG for 1+. Deviously cooperative runner/puzzle platformer for 1-4 players. A Troika! Double-zine adventure and backgrounds. Couch Party Game, Multiple Modes. ~*LET'S DRAW*~. Peace. Kids playing in mech wreckage. A ghost. One last journey to find a final resting place. These are the tense, action-packed stories of a special operative's past. A haunting, dying world foreshadowing rebirth. A visual novel about a girl and an alien drinking tea and falling in love! It's the season for penny buns, Grandma forced you to come along a bit. But deep down you know it'll do you good. Collaborative story telling about the end of civilization. Consensus-based, story-focused, improvisational roleplaying. Short adventure where you are a News Editor deciding what to publish, in a genetically-modified society. Weird RPG Zine. Video Chat Sim. What if everything you touched was made out of jelly? A true roguelite dungeon crawler set in a world where the Gods have given you a great gift - and a great curse. A game for Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. featuring rules for Labyrinthine, a storytelling game of branching myths, for solo or group play. A rules-light pen & paper RPG  about monster hunters in Meiji Japan. Explore the dark remnants of ancient Earth. Explore and survive as the young typist Kana in an old-school dungeon full of absurd encounters and more. "For the Insecurity of Citizens" | a WIP dystopian cyberpunk platformer. A first person exploration science fiction mystery game. Fathom all the story exploring an abandoned cargo spaceship. A hungry rabbit quests for cake. Quick and Easy Implementation. A game about forgiveness. Dogurai is a 2D platformer packed with fast-paced action, dogs, robots and pure retro goodness. observations of intertwined lives. A fast and frantic one hit kill FPS! First person Hotline Miami? A one player thinking or journaling experience to build empathy. A challenging infinite top-down sandbox RPG with crafting and exploring elements. I have created a goose that lives on your desktop. He is an asshole. A game about life, family, and the choices we make. a soft fantasy TTRPG. A possession based traditional roguelike with turn-based gameplay. A Print-&-Play satirical card game for 3-5 players. Fossil moth slideshow. The premier first-person destructive house cat simulator! Having inherited Cascade Manor, you decide to convert it into an inn. But is there more to the manor than meets the eye? A zine detailing the life of an animal people, living inside a mail slot. A roleplaying game of romance, honesty, togetherness, and music. A solitaire 'zine game. Mable & The Wood is a Metroidvania where you can take the form of the bosses that you kill. Collect your memores (Horror Puzzle). Adventure Romance Novel. A bumper pack of A4 print-ready fliers that describe various roles in game development and how to get started! A 2 player scrap. Retro-inspired beat 'em up starring chipmunk warriors! A diceless tabletop RPG about legendary characters exploring living dungeons formed from the corpses of dragons. A GMless TTRPG about gods creating a world and the people in it. Tutorials on customizing Twine® 2 projects with CSS & HTML. Comic collection exploring human emotion and isolation. A bite-sized game by Octavi Navarro. Play as a snarky Witch on a quest to steal the greatest magical grimoire from the last Immortal warrior. 1-4 Player Cheerleading via Telegraph, Remastered. Skin Deep + The Ferret + The Tengu for Monsterhearts 2! Pixel-tastic, retro-infused, flick-screen, twin-stick-shooter. Fast paced platformer. Explore the secrets of Mars on the scientific mission Project Galileo. 30 Halloween Game Icons. A documentary tactical memory-game, about Wuhan confinement. And some public inconsistences too... 9 voxel art currency symbols. a solo roleplaying game about coming to terms with your past. Playing FROG is an act of self care. Explore the pond and chat with your online frog friends. Traverse 13 levels of the temple to find the lost treasure!  1bit Roguelike. A surreal OSR horror adventure. A paradise of self-improvement. A yuri/girls' love kinetic novel in the American Southwest. A space game about swinging trash into things and dying. Four games in one! A hearty helping of endless arcade delights! A SFW furry interactive fiction game. Rhythm horror game exploring anxiety on stage. 40+ monsters, 5+ variants each, over 1000 individual files! Featuring itch.exclusive bonus: PSDs for every monster! Rad Raygun must travel the world fighting communist robots and save the 1980′s by shooting his way through the decade. A short open-world platformer. Not all flowers become Petal Paladins. Will you answer the call? Physics-based space battles for 1-4 players.  Harness the power of gravity! An adventure game in which you must travel the land, explore dungeons, and defeat monsters to escape the island. Grocery Run JRPG. A Story Game of Journeys Wondrous and Fantastical. A conversation with Emma Goldman about gentrification, Amazon and my subscription box problem. Stick figure armies battling in a notebook, just like you used to draw in class instead of paying attention! Memorize the note positions guitar or bass! Match the fretboard to the music-note creatures to earn points and bonuses! Single player world making game. You and your rival are dueling for the first time. Fight. Remember. Keep dodging against an ever-changing boss you can't attack! Tiny 16x16 icons with 64 colors! Coloring for kids. Nighttime exploration of an eccentric town in the Peruvian desert. A retro-core explosion of exploration and platforming action!! You've crash-landed on an alien planet, and it's started to rain... seeds. They met. They loved. They lived.   ||   A "Destiny Fails Us" Side Story. A super cute, fast paced shoot 'em up featuring a lovable dolphin. A playful, interactive alphabet. Science-Fantasy Mini-Setting & Adventure. The Generative Art Game. Study math easy with this relaxing and fun cardgame! Fadário é um jogo de representação que se inspira nas vidas dos habitantes de um bairro. Welcome Director, manage your mining facility and survive to the geopolitical storm opposing the galactic factions. How many can you save? Make your own bird! "The Ouija Board of Roleplaying Games". A gmless game of intrigue and drama in a royal court. Turn the nightmares of the past into a fantastical dream made real. Ascend the 13 floors of this demonic spire. Sword-and-whiskers roleplaying. a pleasant mystery box. a soft puzzle game. Feed the chicks! A fast-paced arcade action game about pecking... and running. Short story about a woman forced to live with a computer AI therapist. Make your heart swoon on board the Love Balloon! Explore a remote alien planet with a unique visual style. Four Sided Fantasy uses screen-wrap to break the limits of your screen. Arcade bullet hell with fishing action! A reverse whodunnit point-and-click game. This Party Sucks is a game about being a queer, trans twentysomething who is (badly) processing a recent breakup. Follow the journey of Camille, a frog who dreams of becoming a ballet dancer! (IGF award, best student game 2017). No. Brakes. Valet. A rules-lite TTRPG where the rent is due, and only Satan can help you. A Little Game About Making Little Movies. A short visual novel about a first date where the player must come face to face with their anxiety. Tactile puzzle boxes. Nature's subtlest armory. A game about supernatural creatures going on a cruise through the bermuda triangle. Free flight in an infinite space. The Kingdom of Bones needs you! A simple night of babysitting turns into an unspeakable nightmare.. VHS era, low poly slasher. PS1 style survival horror. Manage a fleet across a dangerous galaxy! Battle in space, and on planets. office worker on a rampage. An Action-RPG with retro-style graphics and fast-paced action! Uncover the Professor’s secret and rescue him from the evil clutches of the Warlock! FunkyQuadZ - 3D Sprites and 3D Camera Control for Construct 3. Play as a prankster witch chased by angry friends on her quest to subdue the snow avatar. Surreal top-down dot-eating game. Duel in space with friends. A 1-bit micro platformer about daydreams of parkour. A Librarians-and-Necromancy Fantasy Novel. the online is a dangerous place. why not simulate it instead? Hardcore gravity-bending lander game. Artistic themed Poker deck for your games. Various 2D side-scrolling environments on pixel art for your projects! 3 of the Slime-San Arcade music tracks with a bonus! An unusual puzzle game about crafting with a lovely atmosphere and some adorable creatures stabbing rabbits. For real. A pixel platformer/adventure where you try to find the shrine to Anubis. Play as kids and tell the story of how your year unfolds after you've been visited by a divine spirit. #FolkloreJam. Space Station Map Generator and Editor. La bailarina debe usar sus armas anti blindaje para detener una operación de la mafia. a collective feverdream. 1BIT 16x16 Tileset, Animated Sprites, Music and SFX for your game project! Help Marty save his world by understanding it. RPG SNES-style background and sprites. Echoes is a dice, tower and playing card journaling game designed to build a story around prompts for free writing. An abstract, color-based puzzle platformer. A short comic about frustration and climate change. 48 different monsters. A game where you should neither say Yes nor No! The Binding of Isaac OST. 13 more story games of other worlds. A small, unconventional horror rpg. A series of essays on the Metal Gear Solid games. A horror short. An old West TTRPG about justice, law, and revenge. maybe you're not so alone. A minigame party that *won't* ruin your friendships. This gravity-defying 3D Platformer takes you on a surreal trip through a twisted virtual network. Nail the perfect line in the future's most challenging stunt sport! Ambient Arcade Runner. A Convergence of the elements reshapes society, allowing the caste hierarchy to be realigned! A Custom Playbook for Blades in the Dark. Recreating the myth of Shamhat and Enkidu, players must reconcile politics, consent, and intimacy. 12 players, one keyboard / smartphone / gamepad / touchscreen / makey makey... ‘What is Here?’ is a game about building a myth around a being through a community’s eyes. Two evolving and linked creatures travel through beautiful environments. Cooperate to vanquish your enemies! A great war has began... but you have nothing to do with it. An illustrated light novel about cats, wishes, catgirls, and gender feels. Each player controls one thruster of a rocket with the goal to land it safely. A comedy RPG where you play as 99 characters at once. A neolithic mythical China adventure. Singleplayer RTS game with procedural campaign. 24 seamless Chiptune loops to be used in all genres of games. A live painting in Pixel Art! An uncompromising platform fighter. Begin your cavern crawl here. Affinity is a short, relaxing, minimalist puzzle game. Your character and the world it inhabits is made of playdough. embracing the end of something special. a slice-of-life game of fallen angels and Belonging Outside Belonging. A group storytelling and drawing game about gentle change in a forest grove. A straightforward match-3 with multiple play modes. SCREAMFEAST. A dog opera in five acts. A Normal Lost Phone is a game about exploring the intimacy of an unknown person whose phone was found by the player. includes New Forms, an eerie atmospheric larp inspired by the weird fiction of Thomas Ligotti. Ha llegado un nuevo caso a la comisaría y debes interrogar al principal sospechoso. An RPG zine about learning through play. A game of identity and memory for two. An Audio-Game Experience. The Magic Item role playing game. A fully featured RPG forest, including hills, rocks, and animated water. Rules for Western Campaigns and Gunfights. Find Your Way Home. Small Dungeons. Big Stories. an abstract puzzle game. Voted by the damned as the funnest way to sell your soul. A fun 2-Player "versus" game inspired by Arcade classics. You are the Grim Reaper on an office job. Save the world.. or condemn it to damnation? A single-player poetry-writing ttrpg in which you play an oracle composing prayers to revolutionary martyrs. Make music, chimes, and melodies in this musical puzzle game. A tabletop RPG adventure involving a strange happenings at a port city and a cursed pirate! Asset Pack with tiles and animated sprites. Explore alternate dimensions, fight interdimensional criminals, and solve crimes in this thrilling action platformer! Spies, codes, and micro-missions- Oh my! A GMless game about reframing unpleasant camping experiences as treasured memories. A pseudo 3D system made in construct 2 and 3 with no plugins. 2D watercolor fish simulation. Ram people... in spaaaaace. A LARP about identity, exploitation, and the unknown. a feverdream for ophelia. Two Minotaurs trapped in a maze. Convert flat horizontal tiling textures to convincing skyboxes with relative ease! a fantasy game of revenge and colonial ultraviolence. A TALE OF FRIENDSHIP, LOSS AND REDEMPTION... IN OUTER SPACE! Loving Father. Caring Husband. Secret Octopus. Sci-fi Action Roguelite. Collect DNA from enemies and mutate yourself to victory! When your loved one hurts you, what do you do? A classic love story about letting go. A short form sci fi family drama visual novel. A platform shooter that brings 90's gaming smashing into your face from your PC. The culinary comedy tabletop RPG. A GMless 2 player game to be played sitting next to your partner. In a Magdalene Laundry, the PCs will repent for their sins. Will they be able to escape this dreadful place? A two player game of love, uncertainty, and The Underworld. Minimal Super Meat Boy clone of one-screen levels. Comic adaptation of a classic sci-fi story. Card Based Tower Defense. A 60-page quarantzine about life and love in times of COVID19. This intense space shoot ’em up challenges you to fight across two battlefields on one splitscreen. A city builder/tower defense game set in a person's mind. Zx Spectrum arcade platformer. A Casual Arcade game where you look at a sky full of clouds. make your own forest zone! Minimalistic logic challenges. Youtuber themed, 2.5D horror game about clones & content farming. A Trashy Game About Trashy Writers Writing Trashy Romance. Prohibition-era Cybernetic Role-Playing. Somewhere in the Old West, there lies a cabin full of corpses... C.M.Y.K is a local multiplayer game. A classic shoot em' up on steroids. Go to the stars with your retro pixel spaceships! What if you could make someone forget all about you? Electric Ghosts - a Sorcerer mini-supplement. Fast paced, turn-based shooter with a cute attitude! Fantasy Lava Caves tileset. 591 retro styled item RPG items. Unique blast-and-build puzzle platforming! Western Local Multiplayer Quick-Draw Deathmatch. An infinite forest, trees housing entire societies, and you, The Ranger, trying to keep the peace. A tabletop RPG of super-spies and office meetings. Choose your heroes, build your deck, and save Vitrerran. Procedurally Generated Space Exploration RPG. Single player, bird game, puzzle experience. You are the subject of a strange experiment out in deep space. Extension to connect GameMaker Games (even HTML5!) to Twitch chat. You wake up on a world that is not quite your own. Now you have to find your way back. A story-driven puzzle-adventure set in a mysterious world where art comes to life! A Rusty Lake puzzle adventure. Make a Infinite Runner Game! A historically (in)accurate, physics-based, monument construction simulator! circa 2009. a procedurally generated arcade ecosystem. enemies eat each other. a skill tree. A 2D physics based space survival/shooter, with rogue-like elements. Follow the conversations of Lucille, a writer, during a year of her life. Serial thriller told through a search bar. Stand against a resurging threat by yourself or with a friend in local co-op in this unique hack n' slash roguelite! A storytelling game about drawing constellations and creating mythology. 25 diferent life paths, choose carefully. a infinite flyer in vector style. Duckster doesn't give a damn about any one or any thing. No longer in development. Planning to open-source it! Insider or outsider? What will you say or do to survive? Colorful puzzler where you eliminate blocks by pushing them together. A card game of discovery and improvisational storytelling for 1-4 players. Above: The Fallen is a 2D side-scrolling, puzzle - platformer game. A PbtA tabletop roleplaying game of arcane research. Hermit the lone sluggish caterpillar of the Sea is fighting for his new home. Intimate project management designed for artists and designers. 👻 Wrangle endless waves of ghosts in a post-apocalyptic clean-up mission. a 8bit Space shooter in Pico 8. An arcade puzzler with an explosive twist! A short horror story, about your childhood. A casual roguelike with Tetris vibes. A fairy tale about political marriages and gay alternatives. ZX Spectrum Inspired Platformer. A fast paced platformer about swinging through the air at the speed of sound! Escape your wrecked spaceship to survive! a GM-less, 2-player game about cross-cultural connection through storytelling. An original puzzle game about non-decreasing sequences. Please try to keep our robots alive . They've been through enough... Escape Rooms or Build your very own in Escape Room Simulator. RETRO-Styled Pixel Monsters Sprites! A not-so-scary story. "All I feel is numbing cold...But I think I'm used to it.". 19 tracks of 8 Bit Royalty Free Music! stop time to solve puzzles. A game about building, building, building... Play the classic platformer you never knew existed! A Sci-Fi Puzzle/RPG game set in a future where human only exist in a mainframe. Interactive music album release. A visual novel blending high fantasy and noir detective mystery. Where the fey are at the center to Create and Destroy. Action-Adventure Puzzle game. Explore the intricate world of Rosarah. [10-20 hours]. A storytelling game about tradition, intimacy, and comfort. Ball rolling platformer. A utopian planetary system of nine worlds, a collective hallucination woven by AAA. You're all Spell Architects - a Spellchitect! It's winter and cats are still outside. Cold and alone. Find them and bring them home. A paladin that takes their time. It's that puzzle game, you know  the one. Defend your realm from trespassing heroes by summoning monsters in this match-3 puzzle game! Escape to a carefree and colorful village where the monsters are your friends. borb loves u. Play in a game show, first to meet their grisly end wins! An arcade adventure game for the NES. A game about changing. A stealth-action metroidvania. 2D story-rich horror game with terrifying monsters and metroidvania elements. See where you fall on the political compass spectrums. Leave home. Start anew. Punch racists. Neon Shooter. Before you can lead, you must learn to follow. A short story and ritual about grief, loss, and magic. endless 3-player road trip. Handpainted game tileset. Be the SWORD! A roleplaying game about community burnout and how to deal with it. A cyberpunk solitaire card game. Somewhere in New Jungle, the Big Boss searches for the Power. A Game About Excellent Ideas. A game where you must simply survive for 7 days. A beautiful 3d pixel art game about reincarnation and karma. A puzzle game about a wizard falling down a hole. Snakes, Crocodile, Monitor, Bird, Frogs and Mammal SFX. Mine asteroids, purchase upgrades, and be a space lad. Use your Speer as a platform! Press any key on the keyboard to join the challenge! mixing & matching colors action/puzzle videogame. Five boys, five animals, more trouble than they're worth. A collection of neat, messy games. A zine of oracular culture, and an rpg to play with it. Make your own forest! A Storytelling Game about Saying Goodbye. Tetris with words. You are the last librarian. What can you save before the fire? It desires more. Feed It. Nourish It. A solitaire game about reliving stories, recognizing the past, & rewriting the future. Classic Retro Sound Effects. A Game of Cosmic Goblin Mayhem. a deadly game of hide and seek. Plays as J.Edgar Hoover and don't get fired. An explosive twist on an arcade classic. Heavy Bullets is a randomized FPS dungeon crawler with limited but reusable ammunition. 90s Arcade Shooting Hyper Medal Collecting Action. An interactive story about squishing animals. A grim-dark game set in a weird urban environment, with a spark of hope. You play as Hiro / He works at the factory / Work hard, Hiro-san! An open world racing game! An Abstract Monochromatic Action Game. A narrative driven boss-rush adventure game with 4 playable characters and multiple endings. 永久闇. 1500+ Tiles in one pack, for a whole game. + characters and some animations. The pathways are narrow and full of traps and the floor will start exploding behind you if you take too long! A game of getting to fashion week parties on time and in style. An Agroundians one and only beloved tuneset. Interact and explore. a one-page game (zine?) about forced departure, roaming and hopes. A game to play with the Moon that has wronged you. A collaborative teenage detective drama game. a Scots fantasia about anxiety. Unknown and mysterious world surrounded by carefully designed puzzles. A minimalist, yet deep, procedurally generated puzzle game. Rotational Row-Clearing Action! An autonomous entity that communicates through weather and time. A Game about being trans made by 2 real 3d trans women. A narrative racing game set in the roaring Italian 70s. Solve your way through twenty lethal sliding block puzzles. Escape Eternal Punishment. A LARP for 8 to 12 players that asks: what do stars talk about as they shine into the void of space? Savage the lands in an apocalyptic LARP. Start your own Bitcoin mining operation and get richer than anybody else in the world. Cute lesbian fun in Ecchi Sketch: Draw Cute Girls Every Day! 👾 An arcade shoot-em-up played entirely with a single button. An RPG about a girl trapped in an uncanny plane of existence called “The Dollhouse”. Pave the road to a post-capitalist society. Horror Point and Click Graphic Adventure. a puzzle of cascading sums. A story driven vertical shmup. A collection of Touhou Fan Game Jam games donated to itch's Bundle for Racial Justice and Equality. a dream-like TTRPG for 2 players based on the album E•MO•TION by Carly Rae Jepsen. A Dungeon World adventure supplement for 3-6 players. modern / minimalist. A story-driven adventure game about a haunted bed & breakfast. A dead & breakfast! Beautifully simple. Endlessly challenging. Grow a fractal forest to reach the sun. A short horror-themed adventure set in a dark fantasy world. Guide Red through the woods to help her find grandma's house. Lana, the sassy sorceress. No one does bourgeois revolution quite like the French. Play your Rockband™ or Guitar Hero® drumset on PC! Ensnare enemies and dodge bullets in this colourful bullet-hell. Adopt a Birb and help it reach new heights! A 5e adventure for first level players. Spooky and autumnal. Can you solve a heist in this alternate reality game? A single button catformer. Are you pulling my leg or are you genuinely having one of your … departures? A Game Where Failure Is Always Just Around The Corner. Keyboard vs. mouse game for two players. Old school arcade dungeon crawler. Welcome, $(NAME)! Our values include integrity & valuing people! (HEALTHCARE & AMMO SUPPLY ARE YOUR OWN RESPONSIBILITY.). A collection of 3 short and frantic games! A roleplaying aid filled with fictional spells for every need. The maze between my ears. A fun platform game for Spectrum retro computers. Ninjas, failure, and player investment manipulation. A tabletop world-building game about places over time. Steam Key + DRM Free Android, Windows, Mac, Linux. A game about turning old books into new poems. Explore a flooded world in this tactical RPG. The partial OST to Birth ME Code! A unique RPG experience which uses the classic short-story format to tell the tale of three different characters... A narrative game about sending one last message before you fade away. A lighthearted game of Christmas adventures. An introspective deck-builder about friendship, travel, and collecting snacks. Find the exit in this Nonogram meets Minesweeper puzzle game. Full creation process videos + 3D models of a retro dog and scene in Blender inspired by Play Station 1 graphics. We're counting on you, to fix this city!!!!!! The Complete Story of the Demon Arc "Seduce Me the Otome". A game about pro wrestling and pushing yourself too far. A GMless, prompt-based story game about the spells we cast together, and the words we use to weave our magic. You may find out ... will you live to tell anyone though? cute high school game about jv girls tennis. Minit is a peculiar little adventure played sixty seconds at a time. Become cybernetic street punks and fight off the ancient undead in this bombastic roleplaying game. Humorously macabre 2D platformer. A Turn Based Tactical RPG Soccer Game for Windows, macOS and Linux developed by rese. An intuitive 2D game engine. Fast, cross-platform, tiny, hot loaded. pixel grass and dirt path tiles, stage characters, & a cat. The only game played entirely on a Mobius strip. Play the FREE DEMO! sort your self out. Befriend creatures in a lost ecosystem. have a nice time with Mr Mayor. NO THING - Surreal Arcade Trip. "These days, folks have a lot of funny ideas about what makes a Real Cowboy...". A frantic, fantasy themed twin-stick shooter. Do you really want to know the upsetting truth? An overpowered platform fighter with destructible terrain and a procedurally generated jazz soundtrack. a 64px texture set perfect for 3d games! Escape or die, it's your choice. Convince your future self of the wrongness of their actions. a digital dating-horror game for people who love the moon maybe just a little too much. Marie's Room is a short story exploration game about an unconventional friendship between two classmates. Keep light out, let light in. a transhumanist adventure. first-person cyberpunk arcade action. A bunch of games! With varying levels of good-ness! A micro-rpg RPG about concerned citizens investigating a dubious local project. Breakfast themed arcade with quirky puzzle elements. A cosmic journey through Tinder-Boone National Park. FLAMBERGE is a turn-based tactics RPG featuring free movement and simultaneous turns. The fury of Bomberman with the strategic depth of an RTS. Christmas Cats Revenge is a Christmas themed 2D Platform Action game based on the story of the war between two kingdoms. In the puzzle platformer Portal Dogs, a horde of dogs are following their king through the portal world. Full-Length RPG about childhood, family, dreams, and nightmares. A game about a trans girl discovering herself through fandom, chats, and the early internet. Climb your way to the top of a strange tower in a strange land. A unique RPG/Adventure with randomized items and a gripping storyline. Whack a mole! Break space-time with friends! Belonging outside belonging. Building a utopia with action, thought, and games. A simple 2D puzzle platformer. A short narrative "pick-em-up" platformer. killjoys, make some noise! Every HerpWitch needs a familizard. A hack of Tunnel Goons for playing as Pentolan Gondolieri. An interactive whodunnit with a different culprit on each playthrough! Complete Chaos in this Shoot-em up meets Rouge-like with Physics! A flashy top down shooter with relaxing music. The sequel to the cult horror classic hit Dungeon Nightmares. Take on the role of brand new mahou and stop the evil Empress Grenadier in this four part adventure! Shoot em' Up in an Aged Former Reality. Created for the #oujevipo4kids contest, a game for kids created with my kids. Puzzle Platformer. Voronoi Procedural Tower Defense. Two people explore a mysterious land for a place rumored to make any dream come true. Starting a new chapter in your life, you move to a farm and enter the world of monster farming! A tabletop roleplaying map game for 1-5 players about drowning empires and imagining utopias. A massive expansion and toolkit for the Ironsworn tabletop roleplaying game. Our world is under attack! Intercept the vast invaders with limited ammo. YOU are the only hope for survival. Get to it! A blackjack story game of doomed travellers. Dodge the beat and move to the music. Space Combat Engine for GMS 2. Turn your world upside-down! Chill sandbox for growing weird plants from alien genetics. Explore the outdoors, face four puzzles and live great adventures. Survive alone in the black. The Valley of Super Flowers is a 2D Platform Action game in which the valley is captured by an Evil Satanis ruler. Become the chonkiest bear of them all! Gods and their avatars telling the tales of the end of days. An RPG for anywhere you go! Reach the exit avoiding enemies chasing you in turn based system! Soundtrack to the game 'Depths of Fear :: Knossos'. A trash game for 2020. 3 Campaign Dread Supplemental. A Medieval Cartoon Character Pack for Fantasy Games. Physics based flight skillful gameplay. FREE demo available. Tetris with swords and bombs. Uncover the Secrets of Rætikon. Space rocks shoot-em-up roguelite! Pong with lasers and power ups and explosions. The details that make folk in fantasy TTRPGs unique & fun to play without racist undertones condensed into one page each. A block pushing puzzle adventure by Jason Newman. the goddess loves you, save her! When you can do nothing else, believe. Head-to-head competitive puzzle action! 90s Anthro Bullet Hell Action. An intimacy-building RPG separated only by candles and the dark. Come forth mortal, the sewers beckon!! the bitesize pixel art action RPG where your sword keeps getting bigger! 2D puzzle platformer about a sentient marshmallow  tasked with launching and sticking his way across 100+ brutal levels. A Nightmare | Narrative Game (1-2 Hours). A turn-based traditional roguelike where you play as a ghost who can possess other creatures in the dungeon. A mathematical puzzle game about creating perfectly balanced paths by building chains and combos. Kill enemies and unlock new characters with different attacks! Cook, eat, converse! A game about eating hot pot and awkward conversations. An Urban Fantasy visual novel that explores romance within a dangerous paranormal community. Change the environment to guide herds of animals and restore their home in this colourful narrative puzzle game. Stopmotion music game. recreate music with paper, wood, plaster, resin & concrete. explore & chill or exploit & survive. 151 static tiles (32x32 in size) + 8 animations for use in your game! Test your morals in the trolley problem. Wave to the people! Blow them kisses! Fake-date boys to find out which one killed your father! In this Wretched and Alone game, you find yourself trapped underground, in a bizarre tunnel system. A RHYTHM game about Tango that takes place in the year 1923 in Argentina! A journey not about the cards you're dealt, but how you use them. Cosmic horror. An illustrated light novel about magic, witches, familiars, and gender feels. Upgrade on the fly in this local split-screen FPS! You have awoken on the abandoned station, Solitude 8140, far off in a desolate corner of the universe. A solo rpg about the fate of a country in the Queens absence . future nostalgia game for two players. golf + cards + puzzles. The new dualism in platforming. you are at a house party. you do not know anybody. the clock is ticking... can you find the pup at the party?? Spooky & cute FPS! A sports game with boss battles, area control, and a bit of dodgeball. A short video game musical consisting of several original interactive songs, featuring a full cast and live band. A space puzzle game that challenges you to master the physics of the universe. An inevitable end. An unstoppable beginning. The TTRPG of Bronze Age SWORD & SORCERY driven by PASSION! Discover a terrible secret hidden inside your computer. Outwit gravity, explore new worlds. A zero prep Forged in the Dark song fiction RPG based on Bob Dylan's All Along the Watchtower. The Death of the Corpse Wizard is a coffee-break, arena Rogue-like. A short 2D role-playing adventure for your mobile/touch screen device! Defend the Crates in Full-Color Virtual Reality! A game where you sell energy. A Carly Rae Jepsen-themed cultist TTRPG one-shot. An isometric puzzle game about a child's biggest wish. Are you chicken enough? An engine for tabletop roleplaying. Diary comic collection. The Award-Winning Supernatural Post-Apocalyptic RPG. An FMV/Adventure hybrid set in the human brain. A story-driven game about a gay hero who falls in love with his best friend while the world unravels around them. A quirky platformer with a capturing story (literally!). A short, somber, narrative experience about depression and anxiety. Featuring 800+ entities including Publishers, Funding, Awards, Industry Bodies, Networks and more... Old School Fantasy Gaming in Space, but with Troika! instead. The Kanji Combat Official OST! Become famously incredible or incredibly dead in this choose-your-own-space-adventure! Tiny animated buildings pack with 64 colors! A game about immigrants and outsiders. A card adventure for a single player. Mew! Adorable OSR adventures! Blast your way through a neon-dripped, pixelated nightmare in this high-speed, high-thrills FPS set in the Southwest. A disorienting interactive musical romp with your favourite genderqueer private detective(s). A toxic waste spill finds its way into the water supply, causing the recently deceased to rise from their graves. Guide brainless lovestruck octopus couples safely to their romantic rendezvous in increasingly deadly date spots. Fantasy AirShip GF/X Kit. Retro-style, top down RPG about being a programmer. this game is very normal and not terrifying at all. A one page TTRPG about escaping from fascism. 3D planetary defence game. A puzzle game about snakes in cramped places. Save your village by landing the catch of a lifetime in this feature-length fishing ttrpg. You are hurt, hang out with a necromancer, cuddle a moth girl. The Space Between is a surreal narrative experience in three acts. A slice-of-life interactive story about choosing your path and living in a community. A game about the weapons we carry and the stories they hold. shoe game. Original puzzle with satisfying explosions. Welcome to Arlo's first adventure, in an old-school platformer fashion! Complete with amazing chiptune tracks! A Murder Investigation RPG. A pen and paper RPG system focused on action and adventure storytelling. A Setting for Troika! of 36 backgrounds. We decide who we are, no one else. A frantic stealth game about searching for new pants. A game about telling your boyfriend (who is a dragon) about how much you love him. ​A game about the sacrifices we make for victory, the interconnections of war, and Battle Mecha. A sci-fi adventure RPG. Stop the machines. Save the forest. Lonely fruits and veggies with emotional problems need your help in this short point and click puzzle/adventure. This game is trippin!!!! Design & fight with steampunk airships. Internet was slow, because monkeys. Fight with your friends and fall in love with your rivals in a city despoiled by super powers. Beneath the spires and stones, the canals and isles, the Catacombs breathe... Get widgets. Build doohickeys. Do mischief. A small text-adventure survival game. Adventures in a Dead MMO. You are a time-traveller on a crucial mission, but something has gone terribly wrong... An expansion for the Mythic Mortals Tabletop RPG. A storytelling game about the relationship between two immortals split between heaven and hell. a solitary journey for one savior. Sin municiones, pero no sin opciones, quema a tu adversario usando el propulsor de tu nave. Learn Lee's origin story in this short, free game! Play the piano. A game about Croissants and Life. A game  of crumbling secrets, childhood memories, and hauntings. Asset pack for game development. Mildly dating your BFFs in the midsts of a game of D&D. Last Knight is over-the-top jousting action in a beautiful brutal fantasy world! A tree odyssey, keep your balance and reach the edge of the birch-forest! A wall-hopping, ceiling-slapping jaunt of a platformer! Minigolf in space! -Uncover What Lies Below-. A magical transforming heroes RPG. The King is dead. Long live the Commonwealth! a letterwriting collage game. You're a witch trying to get back to Earth after crash landing on a mysterious planet... the space cats are not pleased. A starship-themed asset pack! Perfect fitting music for your RPG project! A storytelling table game. A storytelling RPG where you generate a city and its freedom fighters with a deck of cards. Live a daily life of love! Futuristic Anti-Gravity Racing. Inescapable Horror. Wish on shooting stars while you enjoy a weekend getaway at the beach! An ambient tactical game in which you play a silicon entity in a dark and abstract universe made of hexagonal tiles. A surreal adventure platformer. generative photography simulator. A game about the dragon within us all. Become Draak, and rejoice. A setting agnostic Cooperative Storytelling Game. Infinite loot-driven boss rush. A quick-and-dirty InDesign tutorial to make a flexible book covers — easily exportable to many formats! A peaceful puzzle game about water, erosion, and watching things grow. A solo cosmic horror RPG written for the Wretched & Alone game jam. Enter a wistful world filled with adorable animal neighbors! Make coffee and reconnect with the memory of your father. a game about a house. No Fight, Only Loot! Monster hunting RPG set in a haunted city. Are You Ready to Join the Dig? A game of music, magic, and high school drama. An open-ended dungeon crawler RPG with puzzly elements. Through the Looking-Glass, and What Puzzles were found there. Procedurally generated Gameboy-style action-adventure game. An engineering puzzle game where you build pixelart images one block at a time. UT/DTR comic anthology. Toyish surprise-o-rama. A Videogame Extended Play. 2-Player RPG where you can save either your relationship or the world. An interactive comic about a man who spends his entire life in a 24/7 diner. The Original Soundtrack for the Platforming adventure game CORDILLERA. Can you make the Best Garden?!? Challenging Colorblind & Deaf Friendly Puzzle Game. Simple but difficult platformer. A print-and-play micro-module for 5e. A tabletop RPG about a goose, and the townsfolk it terrorizes. Music from the Apple Arcade game Grindstone. Atmospheric Puzzle game about atoms. You swore an Oath. And it's magically binding. ​Trawl the sea to discover what secrets are hidden in its depths and record your findings on your typewriter. Make some new friends. A lighthearted sheep herd'em'up. Research - Design - Test. Head-to-head puzzle brawling action where you match blocks to smash faces! Gay disaster mech pilots killing fascists. Help Barris bulk up for Winter, we are going to need a lot of food! there are emails in heaven?!? Golf with the boring bits left in. 3rd/1st person online multiplayer shooter. Cast spells by tracing shapes! Do you understand the concept of love? There’s no rest in Hell. There’s no peace in Hell. Build a city in a post-apocalyptic world. Survive with your family. Prologue (Demo). A Shakespearean fairy tale visual novel. Minimalist cube action. The Trial is inevitable. Chicken-based TTRPG about escaping destiny and the kitchen. A sci-fi slice-of-life rpg about a ship carrying tens of thousands of people to a new home. You found a strange phone on the beach. Who will you call? A game about life, loss and hope. The Electric Zine Maker (⚡️📝✂️) is a printshop and art tool for making zines. A Ridiculous Character Background for the 5th Edition of the World's Greatest Roleplaying Game. Relaxing ocean SFX recorded in Scotland; Loopable and shuffleable! More Damned Cards for Old Scratch's Favorite Game. A platformer developed for the NES. Now available on PC! ROM included. Play solo or with up to 4 players simultaneously. Transhumanist, cyberpunk, science fantasy ttrpg. A 2D point and click adventure game set in a fantasy world, inspired by ancient mythology and medieval folklore. Explode your friends! NEXT JUMP is a turn-based, tactics Shoot 'em up for people who are bad at SHMUPs, but love them. A game of love and intimacy for monsters in a dive at night. Star and light 1.0 : The Red sacrifice is a puzzle flash game from  Africa. Luka, the mystical mage. Don't let them know you're a coat of rats! Murder mystery courtroom drama set on an interplanetary spacecraft. a satirical game about online interaction. A game that helps you practise a form of mindful journaling for clarity of mind. Become magical sentient succulent houseplants, defending your home from evil bugs! Space-Y's Peonix Heavy Training Program. A PDF magazine of sword & sorcery tales, games, and comics. Includes Swords Without Master! Clicker Game with Story. A tabletop RPG about fairies. In costumes. Having adventures. (Fairies are not good at creative titles.). A tangram is a Chinese logic puzzle where you must fit seven pieces into a target shape without any overlapping. Hop into your spaceship and battle waves of opponents to find the legendary space pizza! Now 100% more Deluxe than ever! Fight your friends one minute and declare love to them the next in this game based on Don Quixote! A 2D puzzler where you help some very simple-minded sperm get to the egg. A minimalistic 2D platformer about a cat with the ability to transform into liquid. A challenging twin stick shooter jam-packed with sinister fruit monsters and plenty of firepower to take them on! Known for deep frying his victims, Potato Man is the most notorious serial killer out there. Fight drones and search for clues in an unending high-rise, with ultra realistic gun mechanics. A comedy RPG about a necromancer paying off her gambling debts. An arcade shooter where enemies learn behaviours from those that went before • WebGL Demo • Win/Mac/Linux Versions. A retro-inspired, 8-bit RPG for mobile devices! Trixie Glimmer Smith finds a haunted book. Hijinks ensue. A Tabletop Game Of Fear In The Late Anthropocene. A pixelated action-adventure about the last living human exploring the submerged Earth. The Sixth Edition, in a way. Desktop Dungeons OST. Twentieth-century Cyberpunk. Baking with lesbian witches. A short solo tabletop game experience, to help bring more love into the world. Relive the car trips of your youth by controlling an imaginary friend who runs beside your car. Turn-based abstract strategy game. A 2-player game about exploring a broken relationship and deciding, after all is said and done, if you want to fix it. The buddy cop movie no one asked for. Master over 100 dungeons and 3 worlds in this dungeon crawler card game. LGBT+ friendly university VN with secrets galore! Features platonic and romantic paths. Write commandments to guide your followers towards survival! Every key you press gets added to the pile, making your screen unusable. A video chat strategy game. Supernatural Detective Game. a Vaporwave Background Pack by Shorkie. an innovative narrative driven sci-fi adventure game. A Planet Creator. An unconventional top-down. An Experimental Videogame by Bill Viola and the Game Innovation Lab. Turn-based tactical fire fighting. A helpful guide to worldbuilding! You can't always get what you want, but you can try. A 2 Player TTRPG about Relationships Reforged in Conflict. A tabletop RPG about the collateral that comes from exploring a world that is rebuilding from an apocalypse. When Starfox meets roguelike! A Brain-Melting Platformer. The infinite-bomb shoot-em-up. A delicious quest through Hell - to get all of the Cake! A social media storytelling game! A solitaire puzzle game. 11 Paper miniatures featuring a group of heroes attacking a Bandit hideout. Multiplayer ice hockey inspired mayhem. Blast through the demon hordes! A charming point-and-click adventure about tabletop gaming, mischievous friends, and spectral poultry. Physical puzzle platformer with GUNZ. A Christmas themed 2D pixelart puzzle game. Take fotos of the bunnys in your garden. Puzzle game on you control a squared-incas moving boxes, slide blocks, teleport... Permanent descent into ever-changing galaxy. The Explosive Game of Hot Potato. weary, transformation, dog, burger, comfort. Fight your way through a whales digestive system! Cute and Intricate Puzzle. A point & click adventure game set in a fantasy version of the American Roaring 1920s. Not The Robots is this year’s most exciting Roguelike Stealth Furniture Eating Simulator. Sokoban meets Game Of Life meets a wormhole. internal dialogue on 4 sept 2017. A challenging puzzle game based on the rules of Chess. a roleplaying game about explaining things to your grandpa. A ttrpg of tricksters, lessons & desires. Pack of high-quality fantasy pixel art characters. Planet exploration and survival game with base building. A Table Top RPG of feelings, friendship, and space rocks. A speculative narrative game set at the winter solstice. Find yourself in purgatory before He does. You have been drawn to a mysterious place, what secrets does it hold? You just recently closed on your dream home. It’s perfect! Well, almost…. Slimy 16-bit style, party-fighting game using any controller in 2-50+ multiplayer matches! The fighting game where the pain...is to your pride! You gotta go in the Space Hole. First person infinite dodging action. 50 Kawaii Icons. a game for exiles in the dark, where the only way out is through. I heard it had horns as along as your arm and teeth like daggers. Meditate in bullet heaven (Soundtrack & Steam key included, free demo). Hit the cube to get all the items on the levels. Model train simulator for the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift with Touch. Young Monsters lost in a Human City. A Two Player Prompt Based RPG exploring a romantic relationship broken beyond repair. A psychological murder mystery set in 90s Japan. RETAIL IS HELL. Beware, stranger. Have a short adventure looking for seeds growing your power! Penguin party racing at mach 2. A game of Arthurian knights searching for the Holy Grail. An aerial combat arcade shooter. Create bizarre houses. Engage in psychic combat. A fusion of puzzle and rhythm gameplay. A Southern Gothic Tabletop RPG Supplement. This is the official soundtrack of Villagers, a townbuilding-game developed by Bumblebee. Fight ghosts and ghosts from your past. Full Game. A 2D metroid-vania like platformer with RPG elements. The classic point-and-click puzzle-toy. Mini-RPG in 64x64. cyberpunk metroidvania/gun store management game. A guide to worldbuilding. A #ForestDream about silence and eternity. A speculative mini-comic about making sexy bugs for the good of humanity. A deck of design lenses for designing and playtesting ttrpgs or other physical games. A D20 roleplaying game system that allows you to create ANY world you can imagine. A game about body horror using paper dolls. A three player GMless diceless storytelling TTRPG about finding home. A Local Multiplayer Action Basketball Platformer. Help Pichón bounce from platform to platform to get the gems and escape from the caves. work hard. play gay. do magic. 2D onigiri platformer. for super players... A dice-stacking ttrpg about kicking down doors and smashing corporate oligarchy. What happens when we die? Is death truly as it seems? Mini-Maxi Games, old and not so old, with full sources for all to play or modify (and share). A LARP in the plastic surgeon's waiting room. You'll never watch boring TV again. Every relationship ends. Medieval: Interiors and Exterior town tiles, characters, and more! Sci-fi first person shooter.  The system is corrupt, a human touch is needed. A game about meeting your love from a past life. A Cooperative Pentolan Card Game for 3-7 Players. Tiny animated 16x16 tileset with 64 colors! magical girls visual novel. An arcade racing game of strategy and reflexes. Push your friends to the edge as you bump your way to victory! Help Fantom eat enemies and grow big and strong! A tabletop RPG of group survival in a magical wasteland. Magical skating game made in Unity 3D. A short, meditative game about the exploring the senses while sailing the sea. A top down engine / template that speeds up the development process, perfect for top down games. Her emotions are stars. We are a constellation. A fps horror game with killer cultists. A solitary walk at night. Complete the ritual on your path to redemption. 5 second music loops for games. A small, cozy horror-themed dating sim. Concentric is a minimalist action game about gracefully moving in circles. A LGBT branching path love story. A sidescrolling bark-em-up where you create and guide a team of very good dogs to save their home! A conversational rpg about an adventuring party grieving a dead member. A 15 minute experimental heist game. A Modular TTRPG of Oracles & Overcoming. A horror adventure visual novel with point & click components. A short horror in which you find yourself in an unfamiliar office... The core rulebook and setting guide for Lancer, a game centered on pilots and their mechs. Find Player's Love. Explore what awaits in front of you and learn all you can about what you left behind. Remaster of Soma Spirits! A choice-driven JRPG! Castlevania inspired. Pick & Pop with the best of 'em. Wear a wingsuit, fly your body, hug the mountain, try again. A short game about working your way up to an apology. Competitive Interactive Adventure Game. A tense, thought-provoking 3D story. Delve into the Dream of a Dying Town. Five Short Experimental Games. A retelling of the world's oldest stories. Queers Survive A Fiery Dystopia. With Hope. Dys-Hope-Ia. Jump, fight and explore together! A Match 3 Game for PAL/NTSC Commodore 64 machines and emulators. A trpg about helping passengers get to where they gotta go. A ttrpg Zine about Pigeons. Wait, really? Yes! Get ready for their corny adventures in Dirty Town. A funny fantasy game that puts the humour in your hands! Magical Princesses making messy choices. Minimalistic fast pace multiplayer shooter. Weave new lifeforms. Play free in-browser! A simple but fun arcade game with a yoyo-like projectile. The hidden unit board game of strategy and cunning. a paranormal mercenary roleplaying game. a furry puzzle platformer. Viaja por la ciudad reclutando bandas para vencer a la invasión. Buy this product and instantly get access to the decision-making handheld device of the president. Happiness is knowing where you belong. Otome Visual Novel. A shoot 'em up stylized like old browser games. a PbtA game about cards and friendship. a Cyberpink Adventure. Sci-fi hypertext adventure in the style of a motion-comic. Grow plants, brew potions, maybe even solve a mystery. Werewolf brothers locked in a prison of darkness and obsession. The definitive version of the classic, pixel jump-and-shoot Adventure for PC. Got your number. Four beaver dad's go on a space mission, to steal milk from the milky way. a fridge-door RPG of fetch quests... in space! Bomsy is a fast, aim-based, multiplayer arena brawler with destructible maps. A game and pamphlet about where trash people can go. A supernatural thriller about a group of friends who unwittingly open a ghostly rift. Hook, pull, jump and do combos to clear 100 screens of enemies. Kill your Boss. Seize power. An experiential narrative game about people, plants, and interplanetary capitalism. A zine format game(?) about play. A goofy slice-of-life and occasional adventure webcomic. The Recipe Of Madness - is a first person indie horror game.  Approximate time of the game is 30 minutes. [solo ttrpg – 2 pages – 30 min.] two seeds, two letters, two sides of a solo ttrpg game. A one-page roleplaying game of fast, furious family. Escape a serial killers home before you become his next victim. Discover the legendary Secret™ and save the game industry! arcade save-'em-up with a chill summer vibe. Please enjoy this interactive exhibition. But not The Button. A comedy written in the stars. An illegal lagomorphic warship background. A game about learning to love yourself. Partner Game inspired by Legends. Dark first-person stealth strategy game across a surreal archipelago. a collection of solitaire games for you, the player. Long fantasy otome VN about dating cute guys, plus monster girls. Found audio, office politics, and getting killed by terrible monsters. Anarcute is a rampaging riot simulator, combining adorable aesthetics with huge-scale chaos! Play as you playing as you to solve the puzzle. A cute adventure full of puzzles! Anti-Capitalist Hacking Minigame. A minimalist party game about rules, friendship, and also shooting. A huge platform adventure to restore the world's music. White-knuckle speed-Pac-Man. A soft-strategy village building game, pure "Dorfromantik"! The cost of seeking impossible goals. A retro flavoured topdown tileset with focus on ease of use. A hand-pixeled story-driven cyberpunk puzzler. The little adventure of a Rectangle in Geoshape Prime. A story driven platformer about a boy and his journey to climb a giant tower. the lo-fi anime dating sim to cry to. A piece of software that helps one take good care of his/her bonsai tree. a GM-optional tabletop roleplaying game. What you can't see will hurt you. One is Adventurer. One is Troll.  Adventurers hunt Trolls; Trolls eat Adventurers. Or maybe they never stopped to chat? 200 word LARP of anti-fascist makeouts. A game of crowds. Run, jump and shoot your way through over 40 levels to hold back the vector invasion and save all of raster kind! chaotic slapdown in a dark universe. a writing game of woes in translation, for two frenemies. A tabletop RPG. trippy sci-fi thriller. Unity Version. Short Stories are the backbone of a novel. Each is a chapter waiting to be expanded on. Roll&Write winter games bundle. (+7). First Penguin Shooter. Take control of a group of settlers to build a settlement that survives the passing seasons. Missions from The Sprawl. In a post-apocalyptic world with a dying sun, exchange digital letters in the hopes of ensuring your survival. Slay Monsters and Conquer Romance in Roll+Heart from Owl Sanctuary Studios. a fast paced two-player mind sport. A short RPG about secret agent penguins and blackjack. A Zine Collection of Poetry Games. The highest selling and most intense restaurant sim ever made is back! A game about being sentient plants. like jousting, but on unicycles. A stop motion musical detective game about gender and the economy. a collection of pixel fonts. Explore the notion of free will as an automaton without it. A Romantic Comedy Narrative Game. Squad-based roguelike - marines on a steampunk spaceship. Get all the goodies from the deluxe edition without having to purchase the base game! Old-School FPS/Metroidvania Hybrid.  Step through a portal to a mysterious world. 12 interactive conversations based on real interviews carried out in 2018. A pixel art dungeon tileset. A dangerous, unique fantasy RPG that uses a regular 52-card deck for its mechanics! A mysterious monument. An ill-fated expedition. A storytelling game for 1-3 explorers. unique puzzle game in which the player changes gravity to open gates. A Game Boy inspired mini-metroidvania! ~Abstract Bayou Pixelscapes~. A solo RPG about protecting, befriending and improving a community. Mythos: Reawakening presents you with a huge number of assets to craft your horror masterpiece! A one-player Steampunk RPG about building a dangerous machine. A twin stick platformer about a girl lost in a surreal spirit world. A remix of the classic game you know and love. A Tabletop RPG About Plants. A game of community, collaboration, and cooperation. The truth is near. Look inside. an inevitable solo feverdream. Save humanity! The wonders of a whole lifetime, in a single game session. Scrapper is a free roaming, objective based, rogue-lite space flight game. A one-player TTRPG based on a dream about being a ghost. A short, autobio platformer about mental illness, public school, and hope. Corporate Survival Horror. A paladin like searing steel. Now you’re the new apprentice for Death. And it's your job to help gather souls. A new take on the classic Snake. Eat, increase and get faster! Experimental Colourful Exploration Machine. An autobiographical text-based game about memory and a car ride. ​A small little RPGmaker game about a lonely girl with a connection to another world that she sees in her dreams. first-person poetry visualizer. Extremely Scientific Animal Classification Simulator. Excited robots discovering their relationship to themselves and the post-Anthropocene. Mutiny Island is an open-world style pirate game. Reclaim your ship, The Red Dawn, by any means! Memory & Loss in a crumbling utopia. Detective Bot is a silly physics based detective game which you can play on your own or in co-op with up to 4 players. Award-winning, rhyming point'n'click adventure. A letter writing game about embracing death and celebrating life. A digging, jetpacking, plant-watering puzzle game. Turn your idea into your video game, even without programing skills. Just Make, Share & Play. God game with fully simulated genetics and evolution. A quick and light single player Action RTS. Norse mythology puzzle co-op. Can you reach the Nuclear Throne? Solve turn-based puzzles on haunted city rooftops. A game about being androids discovering your identity and relationship with your creator. A solo game about ADHD and how it affects your week. A Firebrands RPG about card games. Virtual Relaxation Software. In a creaky old tavern, in a forgotten corner of the video-game universe, a storm is raging... A fwooshy, intense, procedurally generated fly-em-up. One night you can't sleep and decide to take a sleeping pill. What happens next is unexpected... Your computer is a beautiful garden. Race against strangers and friends, only the TOP rocket drifter has the chance to perform a PERFECT PARK. Travel across Helmland to take it back! One in a minion. The NPC with 1000 Faces, a Pen and Paper RPG Supplement. Simple game I made in my free time fifteen years ago. A boys' love visual novel about a supervillain and the spies that try to stop him. A girl, a monster, another girl, roses. The usual. Mine out a home for your Dwerg clan, play with friends on a LAN. WIP. a spear-and-sorcery hack of Best Left Buried, SotDL, and UVG. A satirical game of geek cred. A minimal action game by Terry Cavanagh, with music by Chipzel. [HammerA] HammerTime ! is an short interactive 2d anime game ! A warmly wistful adventure about reconnecting nature, friendship and hidden pasts. Darkest Wave is a retro shoot-em up done in bright colors and a unique style. A game about tacos and love. And cannibalism. We'll be Multi-Track Drifting. A heartwarming, humorous tabletop storygame where fantasy collides with normalcy. A game of turn based combat where you control the stats, but not who gets them. Local multiplayer rpg party game hybrid. An MS Paint-inspired action adventure game. A story game to tell stories inspired by Arthurian legends. Embark on an adventure through space with the ferocious HELLSTAR SQUADRON. Become a thief, make a crew, change the world. tell the story of how you kiss kiss and fall in love <3. Food Dunking Game for Windows. Deliver food to a weird house and learn about the residents' lives. messy gender uncertainty. Archetypes of the Tarot choose Bearers to fight nightmares from Beyond the looking-glass. A GM-less tabletop game about relationships, sexuality, and their perceptions. Man gets stung. Man destroys a species. A competitive multiplayer game for 2-4 players where you fire bullets that bounce off everything! The Goose King has awoken and he needs his best Geese to find Shinies. Family drama through decades of social, political and technological change. A 2 Player Game of a Secret Love and Communication Wilting. A Modular Low Poly Dungeon Props and Tileset Pack. An RPG that only uses 1-sided dice. a self-care app. 32x32 Tileset for RPG. After a night of fun, passion, and one too many drinks, you awake the next morning to find a stranger lying beside you. A casual narrative game about making friends! LAZA KNITEZ!! is a fast-paced jousting deathmatch game for up to 4 players. A spell guide localised for modern peoples. Shaders and scene to make transitions between two scenes in Godot. A roleplaying game about misfits and spaceship powered by the apocalypse. A football game about poets & crooks. A brisk, meditative puzzle action game! Retro 8-bit spooky Halloween platformer. Why have a pet rock when you can have a pet planet? Micromanage this cosmic rock to places never thought possible! On a campus under siege by riot police you count down to the end... Rock n' Rush its a Multiplayer Combat Racing Game inspired by the 90's classics. Crystal Control II is the expanded sequel to our original competitive bullet hell shoot 'em up for two players! A Cute Punk Vampire Meets A Terrible Mall Cop. Together, They Fight Crime. And Are Gay. An explosive arcade game about a farting cow! Go fast. Tear out their hearts. Use them to... buy stuff. Grow plants and build treehouses in this magical land of faerie delights! A quirky, fast-paced, competitive card game where 3-6 players race against each other to summon The Dark One! A 2D top-down Puzzle/Sokoban game to be played in single or local co-op mode. A surreal puzzle adventure game with unique mechanics / capabilities. Make a computer from scratch! a nightmare psychedelic trash pixel vertical scrolling shooter. A short game about hanging out and wandering a mall. The dead have risen... and they want music! A game of goblin revolutionaries fighting elven oppression in a world of smoke and shadows, Forged in the Dark. A tabletop RPG of gig-economy metro workers clearing up monsters in a subway that dug too deep. Repair an old lighthouse during a storm to keep ships away from the rocks!! Divine machines ask you and your partner(s) to be vulnerable. The game of constantly changing strategy where you have to check to bet! Explore a cult compound in this narrative adventure game. 12 story games of other worlds. Welcome to Spooky Station! A Halloween-themed game pack for all ages. A game about telling ridiculous stories together. Let's put the story back together... again! A high fantasy adventure gone very wrong. Can you bear the weight of your destiny? a two-page thoughtgame for one player. A playable city-generator and map-making game. Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is an anti-adventure game about picking up trash in an alien bazaar. Can you find Brew Love? The pack contains 6 types of swords. The world will grind you down.  Can you hold out hope together? Discover the mysteries of Town and help Duckson in his quest to become a real Duck Knight! The follow up to the acclaimed first issue of Penicillin, a new Eclectic RPG Zine. In this interactive sci-fi adventure novel, you are the AI pilot of Earth's last interstellar ship. The world hungers for your compassion. Retro style platform game. You wake up to a horrible smell, and whispering vents in your apartment. Something's wrong. Shrink long texts to create shorter documents that are easier to memorize! An unnerving dream. A storytelling game based on the tarot, for two to four players. Bite-sized Cyberpunk Action. Fast-paced arena action game with swords and guns. What would you do if you found yourself trapped on an eerie space station with nothing but a computer? Programming is Magic. 90s 16-bit YM2612 Shooter Strikes Back! Experimental Basketball Adventure. A small interactive story about about a cord. A heartwarming TTRPG about hamster-like beings  going on missions to save their Immergrummel Woods. 2014 // A collection of five games + album. Birds of a feather kill together. Made with pico8 colors. A tabletop roleplaying game of long term rivalries for two players. Local-Multiplayer Robot Soccer Fiasco. Painty Balls - A chillout game with a challenge! A zine about bringing the greasy beauty of street food to your urban rpg adventures. A fantasy city building & decision simulation game. Alien Resource Management Arcade Shooter. come on in. A small space game. Go on awkward dates as messy individuals in love or more. experimental exploration game. a tragic letter writing mech romance. AI Combat Arena. Kids, capitalism, and crushes. Pyre is a party-based RPG from the creators of Bastion and Transistor. Fast paced dungeon crawler. Match 3 in 6 moves or less. A ceremonial module for a departing party member. #EllipsesRPG makes tabletop role-playing more accessible than ever--get playing within 15 minutes! Minimalist puzzle game. Victorian Era Horror Game. All the issues so far. a harrowing journey into the memories of our collective time spent on the creek. Escape the war. Break the walls of silence. Pixel platform adventure....with Pirates! Race down lines while being chased by a wall of fire, eating Dots and evading Pointies. Capture Aliens and Try to Stay Alive. Procedurally Generated Levels. A spur of the moment RP game where you play an adventure using only the content of the GM's bag. PARTY WITH RATS. Ensure the success of your colony as you make friends and pursue romance with a diverse cast of characters. DriftKing 2D is an endless random generated Drifting game! Just try to stay on the road!! An atmospheric puzzle-platformer-adventure. What will you find on the most distant shore? A real-time, crowdsourced, procedurally generated game where your fate is in everyone else's hands. A short collaborative world-building tabletop game using a candy currency! A Fooly Cooly-Like Game, Powered by the Apocalypse. a game about trauma, triggers, and self-compassion. Campers & Counselors (A Lasers & Feelings hack). Raise your shield. My Haunted Doll is a 2D Survival Horror game based on the story of the cursed doll of the 1800s. A  prelude  - shorter/easier than the main ZX Spectrum platformer :). A small action-adventure based on Lewis Carroll's "Jabberwocky". A Solo Ritual CYOA of your own being and experiences. 50% Man. 50% Clam. 100% sort of funny. To stop a cosmic evil, you need to get some superheroes to fall in love and kiss… or maybe just become best friends. A mystery told five paragraphs at a time. Catch Monsters and fuse them together in Bullet-Hell combat! A point-crawl scenario for tabletop adventure games. Save your kingdom! Atmospheric space station simulation. An epic quest, inspired by point & click adventure classics, Far-East legends & beat em up games of the 80's! three print at home 8 fold zine solo RPGs for when you wanna game on the go. Bullet-bouncin', screen-wrappin', local-multiplayer action. This is the soundtrack of "Oh My Gore!, a tower-defense-game developed by Bumblebee. A versatile interior tileset for your top-down game. good game for playtimes. A game about what I think Power Rangers was probably like. Explore steam-powered ancient Greece as Diona, Artemis' chosen bear warrior, on an epic quest of technology and magic. A conversation on the edge of a cliff. Desperate improvisation and egregious theatricality. Post-Apocalyptic Visual Novel with Romance and Drama. Metroidvania where you can see the future. Hero duty for super profit! Monetization Man is ready to go save people from disaster but he'll need some sponsors! a plethora VR sketches. projects, and experiments for your consumption and enjoyment. A card-prompt storytelling game about mecha pilots caught in the shadow of their legendary squadron leader. Two 80s VHS inspired mysteries for Monster of the Week. a folkloric mystery adventure. A Raccoon Dating Sim. Hyperkinetic shooter designed  to make your eyes bleed. Conjure castles from the sand, watch the sea consume them.​. Live out your fantasy of delivering pizza as you embark into a strange new world. the stars are alive with the sound of music. A short storygame about an average person's day in a city full of superheroes. Gripping RPG with dozens of quests and hundreds of items to find. Sixteen stories of science fabulism, body horror, and blue-collar queer resistance. A  2D old-school platformer with colorful graphics and heartwarming soundtrack. A Persona-inspired ttrpg. Are you smart enough to figure out the code? A post apocalyptic roguelike platform game!!! A small action platform game starring Drake, our fire breathing pixel hero.  Full game with all levels included! ✨ Inspired by Neopets, we offer a fantasy pet + avatar dress-up browser game with vibrant lore & customized artwork. the story of a wolf who moves in to a town full of rabbits. . Compel evil, or perish trying. A short experience in introspection and passing on... 16x16 gui in three juicy colors! A visual novel where you play as a divorced dad trying to order the perfect pizza. The TRUE untold story of chess. A one-player tactics game about partying! Jet-combat roguelite, occasionally with swords. A solo storytelling RPG zine of beasts, swords, and exploring the unknown. A colorful narrative experience. A super-tricky time-attack thrust-em-up. Procedurally generated logic puzzle game. An atmospheric puzzle game based around losing touch with reality,. A creativity-driven RPG about a rundown theatre and pleasing its unruly clientele. A VESSEL game about the expanse of space, the powers therein, and the machine you use to survive there. a game of intimate horror. Experience Henry David Thoreau's life in Walden Woods. A wholesome supernatural summer camp game. Time-traveling wizards trying to stop the robot apocalypse. Go somewhere else for a while... A Supernatural-Cyberpunk Revolution. Tile-able Walls, Ceilings and Floors that are easily Snappable via Vertex snap and Grid Based programs. once again you can digitally paint with power of glitch! Sci-Fi tiles and characters for your game-making needs! Weird Luciferian Puzzle Platformer. A Game About Spaceships With Crushes On Each Other. A quiet game of life and loss. a cute sandbox game. A Real-Time Strategy space adventure with Rougelike elements. Chuck metal shards and HEADBANG FOR AMMO! Don't let your SOUL escape! Fast-paced Arcade action - SHRED YOUR FRIENDS! Overcome death. Save your friends. Solve the mystery. a game for two players, one of whom is a dog. A game about dreams and motherhood. The most beautiful way to move your brain and imagination. A solo-journaling (+ writing to friends) RPG meta-game about sending useful items to friends playing other games. A downloadable asset pack. grow plants in your sunny apartment! Build up a world piece-by-piece while balancing the tempers of the Fates. Fight against cute monster girls in this territory control card game! It's wheely fun! #MetaGameJam. Use well planed bombs to explode the city. Shoot your way through the enemy lines in hyperpowered aircraft!!! Have tea, make friends and defend world peace...or not. A set of 3d models with hand painted textures. Blender and Unity Package available. Breakout ... with poetry! An arcade 2d flight simulator. A collection of 23 image effects for Unity HDRP and URP. ​This is a game about a child's toys overcoming the terrible creatures of that child’s imagination. A fun acrade shooter. Save stranded astronauts on 100 different planets. An action-adventure game about digging for fossils and building your own dinosaurs! The lonely work of finding a new home. Enter the biggest handcrafted open world of all time in the exploration RPG set on the Ancient Silk Road. Realistic exploration and photography sim set in countryside NZ. Psychedelic audio exploration game. Throw the map at your friends! ( + FREE DEMO ). A free pen and paper RPG to accompany Sunless Skies and Sunless Sea. A single-player map-making game from the world of Mnemonic. If every step was one year of your life, which path would you take? An album of games [WORK IN PROGRESS]. a pico-8 voxel shmup. At the end of everything, hold onto anything. Follow the adventure of various characters trying to make it out alive. A game of instant messaging and anxiety. Fly back home with damaged wings. 8/16BIT 16x16 Tileset, Animated Sprites, Music and SFX for your game project! Fight for justice in Chapter II of this anime-themed graphic adventure game! Get the magical score! Local 2 player brawler fun on a shapeshifting arena in the clouds! Stomp goop cubes and avoid the floor. A pixel-powered tabletop card battle game for 2-4 players using the latest in pictures-on-paper technology! A strange ttrpg for those who like FLCL, Steven Universe, and Adventure TIme. Discover the beautiful world of Panmorphia. A point & click adventure by LKMAD. Broken.  Abandoned.  Replaced. Hex Mapping tool for table top RPGs. System-agnostic, cyberpunk setting for your fantasy characters. Help Beracus and Lee escape an underground bunker filled with cultist skeletons! A posthuman stealth/horror terminal-operated unicode space opera. Stop Garrison's forces from the inside! zine with optimistic sci-fi adventures and essays on pop culture. A story-heavy, system-agnostic dungeon crawl. A tabletop game of Arguing Ant Philosophers. lift the veil. You're owls with a particular set of skills: alien impersonation. Modern-day RPG that imagines the world of war that's coming for us, with a focus on civilians and language barriers. "QUITE FUN!" - Joseph Quested. Travel through time with big, punchy monsters in this 16-bit style RPG! Go on an expedition, cooperate with up to four friends and fight your way through the woods. A lighthearted retro RPG with two intertwining storylines. A tabletop roleplaying game where YOU are the hero. marble girl hacks computers, eats cake. Look into the hearts of monsters in an epic tale inspired by classic RPGs. Swashbuckling and Sea Monsters. an · autobiographical · game · album. Solve the problems that you will find along the way with the Platformer gun, create your own solutions and answers! The Interdimensional Puzzle Platformer. An arcade game like early classics, with modern updates. Pamphlet Dungeon for the black hack. A solo journaling RPG set in a barren post-apocalyptic wasteland. A mini-metroidvania. Here I felt my flesh become the food of my fears. A paladin fluid as melting ice. Old-School 4-Player Arcade Game. A chocolate-powered roleplaying game about nosy ghosts and flirting with your friends. A bee-filled scenario for Trophy Dark. The human race is extinct and cute fuzzy rodents have inherited the Earth. Welcome to your new job as a Telemarketer! A Role-Playing Game of Emergent Mystery and Darkness. A short-game by Sergio 'Trac' Eslava & Wolfgang Aktion. Help Sarah traverse her weird dreams once more! A game about soup. A life simulation game where you design creatures on a microscopic level and let them fight against other organism. A face-melting, pixel-pumping arcade shoot 'em up. Extract valuable materials from sentient rocks by mining them with guns. Highly explosive! Robot mayhem! It's MICHAEL BAY! A game about false identities, murder, life advice, and bears. Paranormal investigators of the paranormal. Witness Beautiful Game Boy Graphics in VIRTUALEST of REALITIES! A short game about hanging out and wandering around an ancient building. Stop hunters hunting elephants! A hand-drawn, interactive searching game. A short zine about the miracles that happen when the monstrous figures go through town. Limited 16 colour palette tileset. A pacifist arcade game where you can only run away. A tabletop party game about a country run by demons. Playable at a private table or in front of an audience! The Other world's favourite fantasy RPG. Interviews with Video Game Designers, Composers and Scofflaws. Dodge big asteroids. Collect and deploy turrets. Scoop up the little bits. a poem in motion; its own kind of "game". An employee training video gone wrong. Cheese it up with Chizuru and SHOOT TO THE BEAT OF THE SONG in this top down bullet hell shooter! Grow flowers with bouncy drops of water! The Universe is your garden. Two games about death on the frontier. A quiet space-faring rpg zine about being alone & not quite being alone. Film noir 2.5D pixel art narrative game in a time based currency system. Artificial life and genetics evolution simulator sandbox game. 2017 // Post-Reality Racing. marginalized heritage as blazing celestial bodies - a VR experience. Exploration, stories, fights! A chaotic grimy shooter in a procedurally-generated radio tower! a space fantasy adventure game. Duke DeCorticus is dying! A system-neutral adventure for tabletop role-playing games. Create and Destroy. A Lightweight Pentolan Hack of AKSRS. H. P. Lovecraft meets Clive Barker in this game of unease and dread. NES-style assets for a cyberpunk platformer. A light-hearted turn-based JRPG, inspired by classics. Battle through waves of enemies and save the world! Collaborative drawing game that generates characters. Twenty-three games of all sorts and sundries. Window Cleaner Man comes to rescue Window Town to clean its windows. 2D "rolling" & "extend" platformer/action/puzzle game. Let's roll! A rogue-like, dungeon-crawler. a single session tabletop roleplaying game. A role-playing game about how legends evolve over generations. Cute pixel-art egg farm simulator. A GM-less TTRPG about remembering the dead. A mini solo-LARP about talking through your anxieties, frustrations, and joys with a tiny god who's always by your side. A game about hope and saving life. A solo letter writing game about all the things you can't say. A game about walking through crowds. Camp counselors protect their wards from a nightmare monster in this GMless horror RPG. Cozy/crazy couch co-op puzzle game for one to four players. an IF anthology about five heroes who die. collection of game materials and art that reenvision masculinity. a cute dating sim with cute boys. A pretentious test for hopeless machines. Teleport Through Obstacles In This Fast-Paced Infinite Runner. A game of hard decisions and their consequences. Game where you farm as fast as you can. Bullet Purgatory. A Game About A Supernatural Investigation. The impossibly fast FPS rogue-like. A relentless arcade action game with air-dodging, bullet-reflecting, and tons of bosses. The rhythm-music gameplay of BIT.TRIP RUNNER and Runner2 is back and better than ever! Turn- and hex-based 5 minute strategy game for 1 or 2 players. Welcome to the world of pixelated chivalry. You are an alien predator from the far corner of space, with the power of manipulating the will of your enemies. Intense competitive jumping in space. Royalty free 3D Game Assets for Commercial, and Non-Commercial Use. Win or Lose Together. Touchstones: Firefly, The Dark Tower. A complete single-player Catacomb Crawl! A play by mail game where you learn about humans and emotions. Controller-smashingly tough puzzle platformer. A game that starts when you order pizza and ends when you take your first bite. A Victorian Steampunk RPG! Debate, convince and negotiate with NPCs in order to save the country! A chess based storytelling game for 2 players. It's a long walk home... Robin Hood vs. Vampires. Mask up. Spill blood. Drink the Rich. A 2-player game about useless lesbians mutually pining for each other across lifetimes. Join Bernie's movement and transform the United States in this free retro 2D platformer. Three goofy horror games about a guy named Andy. A roleplaying game about music, growing up, and dreaming big in a world that wants to make you small. STEP INTO THE DREAMSCAPE. a janky magical world. A fantasy console for making, playing and sharing cute 32k cartridges. Unique puzzle game inspired by sudoku and kakuro (cross sums). Seven tiny unconventional RPGs to enjoy with friends. A Deliciously Dangerous Culinary Adventure For Starving Level Adventurers. Tabby and her friends get trapped in a barrow. Hijinks ensue. The hours before adventure can begin, spent trapped in the belly of the world's worst establishment. Befriend monsters and go on a grand adventure. Trash your enemy! A ttprg zine for doing very little. Escape Room Affected By A Personality Test Based On The Seven Deadly SIns. Where will the Island take you? A storygame about haunted journeys, designed to be played in front of a fire. digitally paint with power of glitch again! Multi-genre quick rules set with crunchy combat. A short story about a municipal building eater. Traveling for wonder's sake in a world of magical delights. Digitally paint with the power of g᷾l̶᷾i̝t̴̠ch̃᷃! Dehumanize kids and make money. STARDROP - Salvage and Rescue Operations. Fantasy romance visual novel. the psi crystals have been stolen. a pall of evil hangs over the realm. A Poker Based Game of Cowpoke Storytelling. TANGLEWOOD® for SEGA Mega Drive / Genesis. A difficult platform game, prove you are a Pumpking! a spooky storytelling ritual ("Most Innovative" nominee for the 2019 IGDN Indie Groundbreaker Awards!). Jazzy music for a jazzy game! Jump, spin and flip to fix broken spaceships! A solo table top role playing game about being trapped in Faerie and trying to bargain your way home. The Tower: The Order of XII is a humble puzzle game, a fantasy interconected franchise of games, stories and characters. a fantasy console for making small games. A solo roleplaying game about wandering in an ancient city. Rock, Paper, Scissors, Imagination! A time loop horror TTRPG for one or more players. Royalty free 3D Assets for Virtual Reality (VR/AR) Games. For Commercial, and Non-Commercial Use. A cyberpunk-themed minigame-packed adventure/beatemup/typing/rhythm game with a soundtrack you can customize! 3rd person action-adventure inspired by genre classics of the N64-era. Race against the clock to defeat the angry mobs that want to burn you out. Use anything -- Create life! 